MAGA is now claiming that Donald Trump
rigged the election.
>> Magically, he only gets 45.2% of the
vote and loses for the first time since
he's pretty much ran for office. He
magically loses now to Ed Gilra, Gizra,
Jizlane.
>> And no, I'm not talking about the 2020
election. I'm talking about the Kentucky
primary GOP election between Thomas
Massie and Ed Galain.
Happy.
So, so this is so dangerous and so
wrong. And that's why when I saw that, I
said that's it. Whatever they got to do,
he's not winning tonight in in my view,
barring a miracle. Or if he does win,
they're going to kill him. And trust me
y'all, I am not usually one to give any
kind of credence to MAGA backed claims
of election fraud. But I will say, and
granted without factchecking, a lot of
the claims, and there's a lot of them
that are being made online right now,
raise very very concerning questions
about this election. And they are all
coming from like the rightwing, like big
names and even bigger pieces of [__]
like Alex Jones. There are major
anomalies
that are just astronomical for this to
be organic. One of the articles that
gets into some of this is up on
alshive.com. Nobody's buying Massiey's
election loss. Apac funded opponent
increased voter turnout by 357% compared
to any other Kentucky Republican primary
ever.
>> Yeah, folks, that is insane. And not
just because it's coming from human
thumb Alex Jones's mouth
>> gone around and campaigned. We we elect
people. They fund the military. The
military follows the president's order.
You don't run around as Secretary of
Defense speaking out against elected
representatives and campaigning against
them. And look, I hate to agree with the
man, but [__] a broken clock is right
twice a day. He's right. Why was Pete
Hegsth out campaigning against Thomas
Massie? They sent the Secretary of War
to my district today to campaign against
me. I don't think that's ever been done.
And whether, you know, these end up
being completely true or not, there is
definitely something shady going on
here. And even if it does end up that,
you know, these guys online are fudging
the numbers or whatever, just the fact
that this is coming from within the MAGA
base itself is astounding and should be
deeply concerning for Donald Trump. Take
a look at some of this.
>> America, let's talk about some of these
anomalies, right? These some of these
anomalies that took place in this
election. You know, the Edgar Rain
Thomas Massie election. President Trump
didn't even know his name, but he's
telling you the low IQ idiots in
Kentucky to go out and vote for him.
Okay. Not him calling people in Kentucky
low. That's so funny. Oh, okay. I was
recording that. That's
>> Check this out. Let me show you some
[__] right? So, first, I think it's
just smart. We just got to talk about
the overall results. So Ed won receiving
57,000 roughly votes, 54% of the vote,
55% of the vote. Massie received only
47,000 votes, which was 45% of the vote.
So had Massie got roughly like 10,200
more votes, I believe he would have won
the election. I think that was the
overall results. Okay? And I just want
to tell you nothing to see here. You
could completely ignore the fact that
Thomas Massie lost this election by
10,280 votes. And Ed Gellraine last
night just happened to receive 10,854
mailin ballots. Don't even look at this
data. This is completely irrelevant. I
promise you,
>> just just in case you didn't read that
there, this is this manga conspiracy
guys version of satire, you very much
should be considering those numbers. But
he goes on,
>> promise you. So, we're going to save
this anomaly of 356% and 248%. We're
going to do that last. So, that's going
to blow your mind. But we need to start
with the
>> Okay, we we'll come back to him because
he does make some good points. But to
speed things up and and get away from
that just a little bit conspiratorial
tone there, uh Ed Galain, according to
this guy's post and according to as you
heard from Alex Jones, increased the
voter turnout in his race against the
incumbent Thomas Massie by 356%.
But it is kind of jarring when you put
it up against the data from other years
like he did in this video. So let me
show you what happened. From 2022 to
2024, the actual voter turnout dropped
by 21%. So they were afraid it was going
to do the same thing in 2024 to 2026,
maybe drop. Okay? So we wanted to remind
people to get out and vote. What we did
is we increased the voter turnout by
100%. Only 52,539
people voted in 2024. We increased that
to 105,361.
Total 133%. We only needed 3,000 votes.
You mean to tell me that we got 52,000
to turn out and we didn't push Massie
over that finish line? Well, what about
2022 versus 2026, which is crazy. Well,
that's a 57.55%
increase. That's still insane data. Make
it make sense, America. Okay, now let's
see. Here's the number of Challenger/
opposition. So, in 2022, the Challenger
got 16,573.
If we go 2024, Challenger total 12,666.
That's down 23.5% from 2022. So, the
challenger that was competing against
Massie actually had a 23.59%
lower voter turnout. Then Edgra comes in
in 2026 and he goes and he gets 57,822
votes. The challenger last year got
12,664
votes. That's an increase by 356%. What
anomaly that is.
>> Again, look, I I totally get it. This
guy's kind of giving that crazy crackpon
energy here, but assuming his numbers
are legit, this is pretty insane. And it
gets more insane as he goes down this
list of the primary results from back in
2020 all the way till now. Check this
out.
>> Oh, we're [__] kicking some ass when
it came to that. But again, no
accountability, but Massie tried harder
than anybody for accountability. So
check this out. 2012, he won by 44.8%.
Then in 2014, unopposed. Unopposed.
Unopposed. So nobody even competed
against Massie cuz they loved him so
much. Then in 2020 you had 81% he won.
Then in 2022 75% 2024 75.9%. Then all of
a sudden magically after after he became
the maha love candidate for every
perfect liberty score after he made
everybody's life better in his state and
in his district. Magically he only gets
45.2% of the vote and loses for the
first time since he's pretty much ran
for office. He magically loses now to Ed
Gilra. Gizlane Gizlane.
>> Okay brother respect. Credit where
credit is due. Absolutely legendary
Golain Maxwell drop there. But then th
this is where I I I put my I take my tin
head off. Right. This next part he
starts talking about the difference that
we started the show with in the turnout
for Massiey's loss party as opposed to
Galen Gizlane's loss party. And and I
don't think this is entirely accurate.
>> Gizlane. So, I'm sure you believe in
coincidences. Like the coincidence the
fact that this Ed guy obviously couldn't
even get 50 people to show up to his
victory party. He couldn't get 50 people
to show up to a rally. He literally had
to fly the director of war into his
district to get enough people to show up
to a private venue because nobody in
their right mind wanted to show up and
vote for this dude. Okay. See that?
That's where you kind of discredit
yourself because this does not look like
a a victory party. You can kind of see
here his his victory speech looks like
it was it was made in a completely
different spot. But regardless of that,
that is an insane disparity that tracks
along with the disparity in spending and
super PAC money that came from places
like Apac that came from the endorsement
of Donald Trump the use of the Secretary
of War to endorse his opponent and
attack Thomas Massie. And I will say tin
had back on or not that there is no
[__] way in hell or in heaven that it
is a coincidence that Thomas Massie was
the co-sponsor of the Epstein
Transparency Act and gets thwarted by
Apac big money Donald Trump in an
election. I don't agree with Thomas
Massiey's policy, but I am not a [__]
incel trogdite. So much so that I can't
admit when people I disagree with
ideologically have done good [__]
things. AND HE HAS been doing good
things and was trying to do good things.
AND HE JUST GOT [__] THWARTED BY A
PEDTO BILLIONAIRE PRESIDENT WHO HAS
taken all of your MONEY AND PUT IT IN
HIS POCKET IN THE PAST TO THE TUNE of $4
billion in the past 12 months alone.